hello everybody my name is Casey and
this is level 39 yes we finally get a
new level after a couple months video
quit me giving us the old thumbs up
thirty-nine level and still no miss quit
me thank you do donuts no I don't think
so
and oh Dolph has the quest that's kind
of strange stealing from the quickie
mode isn't as easy as it used to be
there now have any electronic tags on
electronic tags it might be the years
and years of stealing but who just
doesn't trust us like he used to
why isn't there another click of the
kwik-e-mart kind of younger hipper nicer
richer or handsome version of who I'm
standing right here I remember him
Sanjay used to offer a quickie mark
delivery service for single mothers he
did I didn't know that I think there was
only your mom Holborn builds Sanjay's
house yes sir
and I guess this is a perfect
opportunity to check out all the items
as well so Sanjay's house is very pricey
tough for new players anyway that are
for example just hitting this level
438,000 my voice just went kind of crack
you there let's do it and I did see the
premium item as well I will look at that
afterwards but for now yeah well your
sweet let's go take 24 hours to do we
also have a pues Department with how
what's your name I think it's Manjula
those are her respective specs is there
anything else I see we also have the
Shiva statue two boys have bonus money
in XP - all jobs anything else there's
gotta be I'm hoping some decorations or
something I don't see anything
let's see I'm not you just reading it
now if you can believe it as I'm doing
this on my phone and they say there's
some more items as well for they say to
go to the question land okay it's too
early too early
I'm tired let's see we have 8 new items
holy ballet we have so many topiary z12
of 8 but edge edgy Duff remorseful Duff
dizzy Duff tipsy Duff silly Duff queasy
Duff sleazy Duff bumblebee man's tacos
your grub rating and thank goodness I
didn't convert these tokens or these
tickets in the cash thirty thousand will
catch you as you can see here what do
you do the ticket exchange a hundred
thousand cash cuz there's nothing else
will you spend the tickets on and that's
normally what I do let's do this alright
30 tickets all right
oh great now I have to scroll all the
way to the other side again okay here we
go
edgy Duff oh it's an actual statue well
then he walked around uh oh you gotta be
kidding me
alright well line them up right here
there we go
that's one oh yes stupid mouse dizzy
Duff
there is a remorseful Duff tipsy Duff
he's tipsy
they aren't lying
silly deaf kind of blocking in getting
blocked and there's okay last up sleazy
Duff and kid okay yeah oh he's facing
the wrong way why is that guy facing the
wrong way
I tell you maybe I accidentally clicked
it and wasn't paying attention
alright bub we made tacos 1000 piggies
oh we can't do it okay I don't know I'll
stick it here for now whatever wait Andy
can do more than one a little make
goddamnit
well they don't make noises let's see if
si taco truck does oh come on
the final new thing for level 39 is Earl
the lighthouse electronic something
remote lighthouse I don't know what the
a stands for I can't remember but as you
can see it still says max level four
level six of the friend points so any we
go
as Steve says actually works nope still
six max level that's not good so I have
no idea if I should continue on or not
because it would be kind of a shame to
grind and grind and grind for nothing
anyways that is going to wrap it up for
now not much else I can do at the moment
but at least we've got some new Krusty
land items what do you say cool look out
very high the very near future for part
number two and as well the premium
character walkthrough for Manjula if you
enjoyed this video hey you know what to
do it's all good as usual my name is
Casey and I will see you on the next one